Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[dramatic music playing]
[gentle music playing]
-[drums playing]
-[band playing "Celebration"]
[guests clapping along]
[guest 1] Whoo!
Who's ready to celebrate. huh?
♪ Celebrate good times
Come on ♪
♪ Let's celebrate ♪
[all] ♪ There's a party
Goin' on right here ♪
[band playing "Summer of '69"]
♪ Me and some guys
From school ♪
♪ Had a band
And we tried real hard ♪
[band playing
"The Power of Love"]
[guests] Power of love!
[retching]
[swallows]
-[guests cheer]
-All right! Thank you!
Oh. Gary and Jean.
congratulations.
Well. one more? One more?
All right. we'll do one more.
All right. but hold on.
Hold on. All right.
You guys seem pretty cool.
I'm gonna try something.
It's a little...
a little different. okay?
Some of you might recognize this one.
It's off my first album.
[guest 2] Fucking nice. lads.
[piano playing gentle melody]
♪ You and I
We live in our own movies... ♪
[guest 3]
Do you want to go for a drink?
-[guest 4] I'm shattered.
-[guest 5] Can you order me a Coke?
♪ You're the star in yours
And you're the star in mine ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ I'm in a fast car
Blowing up everything ♪
♪ You. you get the best scenes
And the best lines ♪
♪ But I want you ♪
♪ I still do ♪
♪ And we still got time ♪
♪ If you wanna run ♪
♪ I'll be running
Right at your side ♪
♪ Maybe running
Just a little bit wild ♪
♪ And I'll be running
Till we run out of time ♪
♪ I'll be there
At the finishing line ♪
[playing guitar riff]
♪ I. I was there
At the beginning ♪
♪ I. I was there ♪
♪ When you were
Losing your mind ♪
♪ I. I'll be there
When we are winning ♪
♪ It's just a matter of time
It's just a matter of time ♪
♪ It's just a matter of being
At the finishing line ♪
[crowd cheering]
[vocalizing]
♪ Hey. hey. whoo ♪
Huh!
♪ Hey. hey! Hey. hey! ♪
♪ If you wanna run ♪
♪ Well. I'll be running
Right at your side ♪
♪ Maybe running
Just a little bit wild ♪
♪ And I'll be running
Till we run out of time ♪
♪ I'll be there
At the finishing line ♪
[microphone feedback]
[scattered applause]
These are
fucking deadly.
[electronic club music
playing in distance]
That was the last time. Rick.
No more dusting your dreams
off in the middle of a set.
Stick to the hits.
They would've loved that song if
they'd just stuck around to hear it.
It's their fucking loss.
All right. I get it.
I know. I know. all right?
I get carried away sometimes.
but these songs need to be played.
Rick.
this is the wedding game.
These people are about to
jump off a cliff with someone.
They want something safe.
Something familiar.
Not your weird late-'80s.
possibly early '90s.
hard-to-define
rock that you do.
So. what?
Are you gonna fire me?
Not yet.
Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
We're not rock stars. Rick.
[clicks tongue]
We're human jukeboxes.
Never forget that.
[van door opens. closes]
[Rick] Come on. girls.
You're gonna be late!
Mum. hurry up!
[breathes heavily]
[Rick] All right. you got everything?
You got your homework?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
-Yeah?
-You all set?
-Mm-hmm.
-You sure you got everything?
-I'm gonna be late.
-Yes. I do.
-But have a great one. okay. sweetie?
-Okay.
-Love you.
Have a good one!
-Will we see you tonight?
-No. I'm staying over tonight. remember?
-Oh. okay. See you for breakfast?
-Yeah. All right.
-Do a good show. all right?
-Okay.
Hey! You still got it. baby.
Oh. Get over here.
you rock bitch.
-[chuckles]
-Mmm.
Don't fuck any groupies.
-Not unless you call me first.
-Oh. my God.
[both laughing]
Mum.
leave him alone. would ya?
Yeah. leave me alone. okay?
-I'll be waiting.
-All right.
Good morning. Mr. O'Brien.
[bystander] Hey. Rick!
["It's A Long Way To The Top"
by AC/DC playing]
[church bell tolling]
♪ Riding down the highway ♪
♪ Going to a show ♪
♪ Stopping on the byways ♪
♪ Playin'' rock 'n' roll ♪
♪ Getting robbed ♪
[drummer] Here we are. boys.
[bass player] Wakey-wakey.
[groans]
Good morning. [sighs]
[Rick]
Am I making a right here?
[drummer] That's it. Rick.
♪ I tell you. folks
It's harder than it looks ♪
[bass player]
Here we are. boys!
[guitarist]
Look at this fuckin' place.
Is this Downton Abbey?
[drummer] Wow!
[guitarist] Oh. are we
staying in the main house?
Where the fuck
are you going with it?
-It's back there.
-[Rick] It should be up here.
Past the second gate.
and then it's on the left.
-[guitarist] Ah. fuck.
-[bass player] Fuck. man.
[drummer]
Oh. yeah. That's our girl.
Come all the way in.
Right. Um...
This is ye.
You've got two bunks.
and then the blow-up bed.
which you'll have to blow up.
The email said something about
the room being en suite.
Welcome to Ashdrum Castle.
I'll see yiz at the gig. yeah?
-Thanks. Claire.
-Thanks.
Bye.
Jaysus. I'm bursting.
You'll never guess who's
gonna be at this wedding.
Who?
Danny Wilson!
Who the fuck is that. Kyle?
That's that kid from the boy band.
What are they called again?
-Which band?
-It's a boy band with all the boys in it.
What are they called again?
-Inseparable.
-[all] No.
Irreparable.
-Insufferable?
-[bass player] No. no.
He was on a reality TV show.
remember that?
-What was that called again?
-I can't remember.
Are we stoned? Or just old?
Bit of both.
♪ Hotel. motel ♪
♪ Make you wanna cry ♪
♪ Ladies do the hard sell ♪
♪ Know the reason why ♪
♪ Getting old. getting gray ♪
♪ Getting ripped off
Underpaid ♪
♪ Getting sold. second-hand ♪
♪ That's how it goes
Playin' in a band ♪
♪ It's a long way to the top
If you wanna rock 'n' roll ♪
-Impossible!
-What?
-[Kyle] That's the one.
-Look. Danny Wilson.
He''s all over social media.
He's in town for the wedding.
He's a childhood friend
of the groom's.
Ah. yeah.
They were a brilliant band.
They were in me
fucking hole brilliant. Kyle.
[narrator on phone]
Danny Wilson.
He was the one with
the impossibly cute smile.
and let's not even talk
about that hair. [chuckles]
While his buddies from Impossible
went on to successful solo careers.
Danny has taken
the scenic route.
Hey. Danny. We're waiting for you.
No pressure.
[Danny singing on phone] ♪ ...won't
matter When the world is over ♪
♪ And the stars burn out ♪
[singing along] ♪ The world is
better With your body on it ♪
♪ That's what I'm
obsessed about Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Fun won't matter
When your head don't follow ♪
♪ But there ain't no tattoo ♪
♪ Right now all I think about
Is fun with you ♪
We are screwed. guys.
I'm telling you. this is just death
of the music industry right there.
Manufactured content
for young. excitable teens.
Rock is dead.
I don't want to sound like it
was. you know. better in our day
but it was better
in our day.
[band playing
"The Boys Are Back in Town"]
♪ Guess who
Just got back today ♪
♪ Them wild-eyed boys
That had been away ♪
♪ Haven't changed
Had much to say ♪
♪ But man. I still think
Them cats are crazy ♪
♪ They were askin'
If you were around ♪
♪ How you was
Where you could be found ♪
♪ I told them
You were livin' downtown ♪
♪ Driving all the
Old men crazy ♪
-♪The boys are back in town ♪
[playing guitar riff]
-[song ends]
-[guests cheer]
All right!
[bride] That was great!
Whoo!
Will you ask him...
-Thank you!
-Ask him. Ask him if he can do it now.
My guy. great sounds.
-Oh. Thanks. man. Congratulations.
-Oh. thanks.
Uh. listen. man. Do you think a buddy of
mine could sit in for a couple of songs?
-He's a singer.
-Oh. uh... Well. we don't really do that.
I understand.
but it's just a song or two?
For Barbara.
Please. Rick? It would
literally make my night.
-Please?
-Let him up. Rick.
Yeah. No. uh. of course.
Yeah. absolutely.
Thank you so much! [chuckles]
[kisses. laughs]
-Hey. everyone. Um... [clears throat]
-[guest shouting indistinctly]
-What a day.
-[guest] Speech. George! Speech!
Let's give a round of applause for
this great band. The Bride and Groom!
[cheering]
It's "Groove."
The Bride and "Groove."
[whispering]
Yeah. that's what I said.
It's a pun.
Um. I just want to invite someone
up here to sing a couple of songs.
Goddamn it. Danny.
Danny Wilson. get your ass up here
-and give us some of your magic!
-What a snake.
-[guest] Go on. Danny!
-[George chanting] Danny! Danny! Danny!
[guests chanting]
Danny! Danny! Danny! Danny!
-Thank you so much.
-Congratulations.
[guest whoops]
Thanks. man.
Hey. man. You guys sound great. Um.
I'll just do one and get out of your hair.
No worries. man.
What do you want to do?
Um. what's next
on your set list?
-"I Wish."
-Stevie. Perfect.
-Love it. All right.
-Okay.
[band playing "I Wish"]
[electronic piano playing]
[guests whooping. cheering]
♪ Looking back on when I Was
a little Nappy-headed boy ♪
[guests cheering]
♪ Mmm. ooh ♪
♪ Then my only worry
Was for Christmas ♪
♪ What would be my toy? ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Even though we sometimes
Would not get a thing ♪
♪ We were happy with the joy
The day would bring ♪
♪ ...back door to hang out With
those hoodlum friends of mine ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ Greeted at
The back door ♪
♪ With "Boy. thought I told
you Not to go outside" ♪
♪ Oh. oh. mmm. mmm ♪
♪ Tryin' your best to bring
The water to your eyes ♪
♪ Thinkin' it might stop her
From whooping your behind ♪
♪ I wish those days
Could come back once more ♪
♪ Why did those days ♪
♪ Ever have to go? ♪
♪ I wish those days could ♪
♪ Come back once more ♪
♪ Why did those days ♪
♪ Ever have to go? ♪
♪ 'Cause I love them ♪
♪ Smokin' cigarettes ♪
♪ And writing something
Nasty on the wall ♪
♪ You nasty boy ♪
[guests cheering]
♪ Teacher sends you to The
principal's office Down the hall ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ You grow up and learn ♪
-♪ That kinda thing Ain't right ♪
-♪ Kinda thing ain't right ♪
♪ But while
You were doing it ♪
♪ It sure felt outta sight ♪
♪ I wish those days ♪
♪ Could come back once more ♪
♪ Why did those days
Ever have to go? ♪
♪ I wish those days ♪
♪ Could come back once more ♪
♪ Why did those days ♪
♪ Ever have to go? ♪
♪ And I loved them so ♪
[guests cheering]
What?
Danny Wilson!
[cheering. whistling]
That was the most fun
I've had in a long time.
-Hey. you wanna join the band?
-Yeah. Why not?
What's your name?
Rick. Rick Power.
-Where are you from?
-Kansas City.
-Thanks for having me.
-Thank you.
Danny Wilson!
[Danny. Rick singing on phone]
Bingo. Gonna link that up
to the band's Insta.
Thanking you.
Okay.
Back into
the field of engagement.
Don't make a fucking show
of yourselves now.
Okay. Ma. [chuckles]
Horns on them.
Good night. gentlemen.
Not gonna leave
the guitar in the van. Sandy?
This lady stays with me
till the early morning light.
[electronic club music
playing in distance]
I'm gonna walk around a bit.
Clear my head.
See you back
at Shangri-La.
All right.
["Just Can't Get Enough" by
Depeche Mode playing in distance]
[Danny] Hey. Kansas!
Is that what I think it is?
Uh. no. no. no. We're. uh...
We're one of those strictly
drug-free wedding bands.
-[chuckles]
-Yeah. you want some?
That was. uh...
Man. that was something else.
You were...
-You were great up there tonight.
-Ah. that was fun.
-Yeah. Really fun.
-[chuckles] Yeah.
Uh. so how long you been
on the Emerald Isle?
Thursday. Friday.
Saturday...
I think about. um...
15 years?
Just... Why?
-Ah. married.
-Yeah.
-Irish wife. Ah.
-Irish wife and Irish daughter.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Congrats.
I was over here on tour. uh.
with my band. Octagon.
No? We had a show
and she was there. and...
-Of course.
-And here we are.
[chuckles]
What about you?
You-- You. uh-- You married?
No. No. no. no. no.
My parents had me way too
young. so I'm-- I'm in no rush.
-Good. Smart. How old are you?
-27.
Oh. yeah. You got
plenty of time. Pfft.
So. uh. what happened with
the. uh-- the other band?
Fizzled out. Yeah.
I still write songs.
but I. uh...
Yeah. Yeah.
You know what? Come with me.
I want to show you something.
You got time?
[Rick] Sure. Yeah.
-All right.
-Oh. wow!
-Yeah.
-[scoffs] Damn. man.
I mean. it's okay.
You should probably see mine.
Jesus Christ!
[Danny] Can I get you a beer?
Yeah. that sounds great.
This is cool.
-Dude. Is that a J-200?
-[bottles clinking]
I am impressed.
-My God. the Jumbo.
-[bottle caps clink]
Yeah. 1952.
Brazilian rosewood.
Found that thing in a shithole
guitar shop in Cincinnati.
[chord plays]
Yes.
I mean. that sounds
like a fucking orchestra.
-[chuckles] Wow. cheers.
-It certainly does.
Cheers.
[groans]
-So you're recording?
-Yeah.
Came out here early.
try to catch a different vibe.
I gotta present my label
with some new material. so...
-Oh. you write?
-I do. Yeah.
The whole boy band thing was
just a bit of a crazy detour.
Mmm.
[Danny] Now. they're
just starts. okay?
-But that's the vibe.
-[Danny on computer] ♪ On the ledge now ♪
♪ Terrified ♪
♪ Getting close
To the edge now ♪
-♪ It's now or never ♪
-Okay.
♪ You'll never find your voice
If you won't talk ♪
♪ You're never gonna run
If you don't walk ♪
♪ You're never gonna fall
If you don't look down ♪
♪ You'll never find your voice
If you won't talk ♪
♪ You're never gonna run
If you don't walk ♪
♪ You're never gonna fall
If you don't look down ♪
♪ So don't look down
If you wanna-- ♪
Yeah. I mean.
you get the idea.
The chorus. I think.
still needs a-- a lift or something. but--
But it's really good.
It's really good.
Could I make a suggestion?
-Why don't you go--
-♪ Never gonna... ♪
Why don't you go like...
♪ Never gonna run
If you don't walk ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Never gonna... ♪
♪ ...look down ♪
-I fucking love that.
-Alternate. right?
-And then...
-So. so. uh... Yes.
-Second half.
-♪ Never see The world through a TV ♪
Yeah. Yeah!
-You watch TV?
-Keep going.
-People watch TV?
-I watch TV. Yeah. I think people--
Like. picture a girl
in her bedroom.
-Like a teenage girl in her bedroom.
-Yeah.
So she's-- she's not living.
She's in her... Like. she's not out.
She's not... But she's on her frickin'
phone all the time. looking down.
-Yeah. No.
-You never see this.
-Don't look down.
-But it's also... No. it's...
-I'm always telling--
-You have to...
Yeah. you're like
a tightrope walker. right?
And you have to keep going.
If you look down. you're fucked.
-Okay.
-It's like me...
-Yeah.
-Dick around with the band. you know?
The expectations are
so high.
-Of course. Yeah.
-I don't know.
♪ You never see the world
Through a TV ♪
Uh. and... And...
♪ Nothing ever worth it
Is easy ♪
[both] ♪ You're never gonna
fall If you don't look down ♪
♪ So don't look down ♪
-I fucking love that.
-That is it.
-♪ Don't look down ♪
-Can I have that?
Look. all I did was just
throw in a little paprika.
-a little spice on top.
-[Danny chuckles]
You did some spicy spice.
-Add whatever spices you want on it. Yeah.
-[chuckles]
♪ To the eyes
That seem so far away ♪
♪ It's a long way
From Crumlin to LA ♪
Yeah! No. I love it. but I--
-That's the melody.
-But I think it...
Right now it's. like.
somewhere between Bob Dylan and Tom Petty.
It needs to be
fucking Bruce Springsteen.
-Just rippin' Telecaster.
-Mm-hmm.
[stammers] A riff at the
beginning. the drums just going...
[imitating drums]
And also. last thing. what...
what the fuck is Crumlin?
-Oh. it's a-a suburb of Dublin.
-Yeah. okay.
We should
probably change that.
It's your song.
but it should be Dublin.
-Dublin to LA?
-Yeah.
[sighs] Well.
that was staring me right in the face.
-And so is this.
-Perfect. Thank you.
-Shall we?
-Yeah. let's do it!
-I mean. we're here.
-I mean. we are here.
We are drinking from...
-♪ Dublin to LA ♪
-Yeah!
So you play something.
and then I'll...
[stammers] I'll come up with
the lyrics. Or we can...
Let's write one. Let's write a boy...
a boy band song right now.
You actually have to
appeal to two things.
-Parents and teenage girls.
-That makes sense.
Because the lyrics
have to be appropriate
so the parents will
let their kids listen to it.
♪ Your love
Just drives me crazy ♪
Totally appropriate.
♪ I love you
Don't mean maybe ♪
♪ I wanna fuck you. bab... ♪
-I can't say that.
-♪ Baby ♪
♪ Mmm. mmm ♪
♪ You make me
Wanna have a... ♪
♪ Baby ♪
-[piano playing]
-[vocalizing]
♪ And grab your tit-tays ♪
[chuckles] No. no. no.
["Trapped Inside a Thought"
by Dustin Patrick playing]
Hey. that. uh. song
you played. The first one.
Who is it about?
The same girl
all my songs are about.
-Mm-hmm.
-What about you?
You write for somebody?
Someone special?
Marcia.
-Marcia?
-Yeah. Marcia.
Is she the one?
[chuckles]
I don't know. Maybe.
I hope so.
You'd be shocked how much
of a struggle it is
for people
to take you seriously.
Dude. I could tell within
two minutes of meeting you
you are not just
some boy band guy.
-Thank you.
-I mean it.
Tell my label that.
[chuckles]
-They don't think that?
-No. [scoffs] They don't.
-Then they're fucking idiots.
-[chuckles]
I was on a label.
and I told them I was taking
a year off when Aja was born.
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
-They're like. "Great."
A year later.
I go back. I'm dropped.
-Fuck!
-Fuck labels.
You don't even
need them anymore.
I am like George Harrison
with a-a drawer full of songs
after The Beatles broke up.
[chuckles]
Well. that's aiming high.
-You know what I mean.
-I know what you mean.
Yeah. I just gotta get back to
playing Madison Square Garden.
It's that simple.
I'm sure
it's just a matter of time.
[Rick singing]
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ 'Cause every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
-Yeah. I like that.
-Thank you!
♪ We're both in for a ride ♪
♪ So hold on to me tight ♪
♪ It's out of
Our control now ♪
♪ And even when it's rough ♪
♪ When all
The wheels come off ♪
♪ I never wanna slow down ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't think
I know how ♪
-C?
-C.
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ About you ♪
♪ How to sing the words ♪
♪ That ring true ♪
You should keep the "How to
write a song" going every time.
-♪ How to write a song ♪
-[harmonizing]
♪ Without you ♪
♪ 'Cause every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
So good. So good.
Okay. so. uh.
do you have a bridge yet?
-No. man. I've been working...
-What about...
-That thing's dogging me for years.
-We could finish this right now.
-[groans] I wish. No. I can't.
I gotta go.
-My daughter has got to get to school.
-What?
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
My wife has work. and if
I'm not home to take her.
-she's gonna skin my balls.
-Oh.
Skin your balls? Geez.
-I had a blast.
-This was awesome. man.
Awesome. Thank you so much.
-Oh. my God.
-Thank you.
I guess I'll see you
down the road somewhere.
-You will. indeed.
-And. hey.
play the music
you want to play. Danny.
-You'll get there.
-Thanks.
Wait a minute. Hold on.
Okay.
Take that.
That is my
management company. okay?
So if you find yourself in LA.
you wanna get a hold of me.
you call them. let them know
you're trying to get to me
and I'll get back to you.
All right. Well. thanks!
And you are too good for
that fucking wedding band.
Seriously.
-[gentle music playing]
-[door opens. closes]
[drummer] Ah. here. which one of
you muppets left a guitar behind?
Hiya!
Hi. lads.
Well done at the gig last night.
I heard it was only rockin'.
Just doing our job. darling.
So. uh.
which one of you is Rick?
Uh. that would be me.
Mr. Wilson
asked me to give this to ya.
-Thanks. So. that's for you.
-[Sandy] Nice.
-Hi. Bernie.
-Claire.
Jesus Christ.
that's a Gibson J-200. the Jumbo!
-I can't take this.
-[Claire] Mr. Wilson said you'd say that.
so he told me to tell you to shut
the hell up and rock on. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
Bye. Bernie.
[guitar strums]
What a great kid.
What a fucking great kid!
["Big Soul"
by John Lee Hooker playing]
Hey. babe.
-[wife] The rocker returns.
-That's right.
-The spoils from the road.
-[wife] Mmm.
-Mm-hmm.
-Whoa.
-Oh. I know.
Oof. Mmm.
God. he's very handsome.
all right.
What? He's a child.
-[chuckles]
-Leave him alone. woman.
You're not looking
too bad yourself there.
-I remember that guy.
-Remember?
He's still here. you know?
Uh. he's standing right next to you.
-[Rick on video] Danny Wilson!
-What was Danny Wilson like?
He was incredible.
He heard some of my songs.
He said
they were insanely catchy.
Were they his actual words?
Yeah. well. they were
words to that effect. Yeah.
["Big Soul" continues]
[fan gasps]
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ah ♪
[car horn honks]
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ah ♪
Baby. I really missed you.
The network's being a real
pain in my ass at the moment.
They want me to take away
the parts of the show
where my character does
her direct address to camera.
What?
Like. a rap feature
on this could be cool.
-Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
-You hearing that?
-It's like the whole crowd...
-[on computer] ♪ Like we're living in ♪
♪ Like we're living in 1984 ♪
♪ ...can make you tough ♪
♪ Standing out
On the ledge now ♪
I think I'm gonna release
this one as a single.
♪ Terrified ♪
♪ Getting close
To the edge now ♪
♪ It's now or never ♪
♪ You'll never find the words
If you won't talk ♪
♪ You're never gonna run
If you don't walk ♪
You wrote all that
in Ireland? Productive.
It's all supposed to be like
a metaphor for taking a risk.
-It's kind of where I am now. you know?
-Mmm.
-Like a tightrope.
-And. like. a good producer or whatever
just. like. comes and
basically adds all those layers
and takes it
to the next level.
-Definitely.
-Yeah.
A great. great producer.
for sure.
-Yeah.
-Cool.
Okay. play another one.
I want to hear more.
-Yeah?
-Yes! Yeah.
Do you have more wine?
I'm gonna go and get a bottle.
Great.
Yeah.
[footsteps receding]
-[horns honking]
-[sirens wailing in distance]
[knocking on door]
-[Danny] Hey. oh!
-Hey. there he is.
How was
the land of the leprechauns?
Ooh. Careful. Talk like that
will get you canceled.
Or the presidency.
You want a drink or something?
-No. no. I'm good. Thank you.
-All right.
-So. the new stuff. I listened to it.
-What do you think?
-Feels good to me.
-I think it's great.
-But. uh. you know. I don't...
-Um...
I think maybe the label's gonna
feel there's not enough development
from "Impossible" and I know they
really want to see who Danny 2.0 is.
I feel like
we have it in those records.
Well. you know. they're
album tracks. which is great.
-but there's no singles.
-[sighs]
And they want something
they can show people.
"This is you now...
[pops lips] ...Danny Wilson." Right?
Well. they don't know
what they're talking about.
[exhales] There's this meme
going around right now
uh. after your little appearance
at your buddy's wedding.
And the caption
on the meme says...
"Is Danny Wilson fronting
a wedding band now?"
-[chuckles]
-It's funny.
-It's hilarious.
Hilarious. But. um...
the thing is.
people aren't that surprised.
[scoffs]
-Fuck you. man.
-That's what you pay me for.
But look. Danny. [sighs]
There's a point at which
being in a boy band
really helps
your solo career. right?
And then there's another point right
after that point where. like...
-[sighs]
-...it's a total fucking albatross. okay?
Yeah. which point
are we at now. Mac?
We're at the point where you're--
you're-- you're eating fucking bugs
on a reality TV show. dude.
or you're-- you're making a
guest appearance at a function
as the guy from
"that boy band."
Right now. that's all
I can get you. bud.
[sucks teeth]
That's your-- your outlook?
Your brilliant outlook
on the situation?
-It's great. Mac.
-Dude. I'm on your side.
I'm just trying to tell you.
-[sighs]
-If you want to hold on to the house
and all the cars. and the
stuff. and-- and me. uh...
we're gonna have to
dig deep. buddy.
-[music playing]
-[dog barking]
[interviewer] So I've heard
there's a tour coming up.
-We're going to Germany. Italy.
-[interviewer] You're all set.
We're playing a few shows.
-Poland...
-Yeah.
We're going to Dublin soon.
which I'm really excited
about. I've never been.
So where do you guys see
yourselves in 20 years' time?
Oh. seriously?
Um...
Madison Square Garden.
-[musician 1] That's our guy.
-[musician 2] That's our guy.
-[Rick] Aja!
-Fuck.
Aja. come here!
Come here for a second.
Come here.
I want you
to listen to something.
Will it take long?
-Why? What's happening?
-My life.
No. It won't take long.
But check this out. Come here.
Now. this is rough.
It''s called "Satellite."
It's temporary. right?
I mean. it's just a demo.
-Just play it.
-Yeah. All right.
-[keyboard clicks]
-[Rick playing "Satellite"]
[Rick singing] ♪ She laughs ♪
♪ She cries ♪
-♪ You won't catch The tears in her eyes ♪
-Yeah. It'll build.
-♪ She's been hurt before ♪
-[Rick hums along]
-♪ But she hides it away From the world ♪
-I love that part.
-I love that part Right there where it's--
-♪ She's a star ♪
-♪ A star across the heavens ♪
-[Rick hums along]
-♪ A diamond In the black of night ♪
-No.
-Right? Comes in.
-♪ But she doesn't know She's shining ♪
-♪ She's lonely Like a satellite ♪
-All right. now picture this.
like a 30.000 seat arena.
Like. this is...
I think this is
-probably the first song we'd play--
-♪ She's here ♪
-♪ She's gone-- ♪
-[music stops]
-It wasn't done!
-No. I get it.
Okay. You get it. And?
Yeah. I-It's good.
It's like music
you and Ma would listen to.
Uh-huh. Right. Well.
Mom has great taste in music.
That's why I married her.
Women aren't lonely
anymore...
like satellites.
-We're not space hardware.
-What?
And we're not interested
in falling in love either.
Okay. All right.
What are you interested in?
Revenge.
-Right. [sighs]
-[phone dinging]
That is a great song.
And a great song
cuts through time.
Can you drop me to Caitlin's?
She's having a party.
When?
Five minutes.
Yes.
[music playing]
[Danny vocalizing]
♪ You're spectacular ♪
[music stops]
[hums]
[humming melody]
[music continues]
[keyboard clicks]
♪ I can't remember
Where we met ♪
♪ Was it February. no ♪
-[birds chirping]
-[sprinkler ticking]
[piano playing]
[Danny humming]
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
[Danny clears throat]
♪ I don't know
What to write... ♪
No.
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
Ah. there it is.
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
Hey.
Hello.
Keep going.
[piano playing]
[humming "How to Write a Song
(Without You)"]
♪ Even when it's rough ♪
♪ When all the wheels
Come off ♪
♪ I never want to slow down ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't think
I know how ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
[breathes shakily]
Who is it about?
It's about you. Of course.
Oh. God. Are you okay?
[chuckles. voice cracking]
Um. sorry.
Um...
Oh. it's just like the most romantic
thing someone's ever said to me.
[breathing shakily]
Wow.
-You have to record that.
-Really?
Yeah. It's like an...
It's like an old-school ballad
or something. It's--
Yeah. but it's not like
a hit though. It's just a...
I mean. it's a nice song.
But it's real.
[crunching]
Ninety euro
for football boots?
-Crazy.
-Yes.
The whole world has gone mad.
[register beeping]
[clerk]
Would you like a receipt?
Yeah. thanks.
["How to Write a Song (Without
You)" playing faintly]
[Danny singing] ♪ How to
write a song Without you ♪
♪ Every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
♪ Every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
[keyboard clacking]
[mouse clicks]
[Danny singing]
♪ And even when it's rough ♪
♪ When all the wheels
Come off ♪
♪ I never wanna slow down ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't think
I'd know how ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ How to write a song
Without you... ♪
Well?
It's lovely.
Why are we listening to it?
♪ How to write a song
Without you ♪
Come...
You don't recognize it?
-Should I?
-[music stops]
[stammers] Of course. Yes. you should.
That's my fucking chorus. And verse.
-Are you serious?
-You wrote that?
[stammers]
I sung it for you.
-You don't remember?
-When?
-Uh. well. I mean. it would've been--
-I don't remember that.
A lot of music gets played around here.
You couldn't remember the half of it.
Look at that. It's already
up to two million views.
Thing just came out yesterday.
I like what he did with it.
It's pretty good.
Are we gonna be rich?
Huh?
[Danny singing. muffled]
♪ How do I ♪
♪ You never did show me how ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ How do I
You never did tell me ♪
♪ How do I. you never did-- ♪
[music stops]
So who'd
the idea originate with?
Me.
-Did I never play this for you guys?
-No.
Are you sure it wasn't his idea and
you just sorta busked it with him?
Because that's a fucking
great song right there.
Yeah.
Well. it's 'cause he's got some
big shot producer juicing it up.
And he came up with a really nice bridge.
but the core of that song is mine.
-Well. do you have a demo for it?
-Yeah. can we have a listen?
Uh. yeah. I-- I... probably.
I mean. I have to look. [exhales]
-Really?
-I-I could never finish it.
so I didn't even...
So has anyone
heard this song. Rick?
-Uh. I played it for you. right?
-Yes.
-Well. at least that's something.
-Probably.
-Jesus. Well. did he. or didn't he?
-I can't remember. Binzer.
I'm not in fucking court.
okay?
So what you're saying is.
he's stolen your song.
but you have
no recording of it.
And no one.
including your own bandmates.
has ever heard it apart from
your stoner ex-con mate.
who might have heard it.
-You were in prison. Sandy?
-And your 14-year-old daughter.
who can't remember it.
That's not
a great look. Rick.
Come on. lads. Back to work.
When you find it.
let us know. yeah?
Well. congratulations. yeah?
Good song.
-Don't mind them.
-[drums playing]
[Sandy] Oh. yeah. Bingo.
[line ringing]
[sirens wailing in distance]
[phone ringing]
Hello. M.D.P.
How may I direct your call?
[Rick] Yeah. hi.
Uh. can I speak with. uh. Mac. please?
[receptionist] Who is calling?
Uh. Rick Power. I'm calling
from Dublin. Ireland.
I'm a friend of Danny's.
May I ask
what it's in connection with?
Um. actually. well. I'd rather you not.
[chuckles] It's a personal matter.
I can't forward your call
-unless you state your business. Mr. Power.
-Uh...
-[whispers] He stole your tunes. bro.
-Can you repeat that?
-Wilson thieved his song--
-Sorry. Yeah. no. uh. it's about a...
It's in relation to a co-write
between myself and Danny Wilson.
Thank you so much.
I can leave a message
for Mac's team. if you like?
No. you want to speak
to Mac directly.
I'd really like to speak
Mr. Darling is not available.
-You're just lying now.
-Hey.
-Excuse me?
-Put Mac on the phone--
Hey. all right.
Sorry. Hello? Hello? Hello?
So-- Hello? Hell--
Oh.
Jesus fucking Christ. Sandy!
[sighs]
[phone dialing]
-Twenty-five million views.
-[line ringing]
You shouldn't speak to
anyone from his organization
until you've got
some legal advice. Dad.
I ju-- I'm--
I need to talk to Danny.
I need to remind him
that half that song is mine.
He's already
released the song. Dad.
I think it's safe to say he doesn't
think you're owed a credit on it.
[Sandy]
He stole your tune. bro.
I'm telling you.
he's a good guy.
I just-- I just need
to talk to him.
Look. if it is your song.
you need a lawyer
to explain
what your options are now.
What do you mean "if"?
[line continues ringing]
-Yeah.
-[line clicks] Hello. M.D.P.
-How may I direct your call?
-Fucking idiots.
[lawyer 1] Do you have any
record of this song being yours
in the public domain?
-Like a performance on YouTube?
-Yeah.
-Instagram?
Annotated music
released on the Internet?
-No. No. I don't.
-Uh-huh.
Oof.
Yeah. so what are my options?
I'm afraid you don't have
any options. Mr. Power.
Legally speaking.
-What about illegally speaking?
-Okay.
[Aja]
So then it just gets sticky...
-[footsteps receding]
-[wife] Hey! Go on.
But anyway. so it was
really funny. In school...
[Rick singing] ♪ Who do
you trouble When you're-- ♪
-Come on. where are you?
-[mouse clicking]
♪ She laughs-- ♪
Nope. Come on. I know you're
in here somewhere. Come on.
-[mouse clicks]
-♪ In the daytime Your little bus-- ♪
Any luck?
-It's gotta be here somewhere. Rachel.
-[music playing]
Maybe you have
a recording on your laptop.
No. I checked.
Do you want to take a break
and go for a drink?
-Mm-mm. Just... not now.
-Okay.
-I'll be down in a minute.
[mouse clicks]
Where are you. you f--
-♪ It's a long way to-- ♪
-[mouse clicks]
-This?
-♪ We gon-- ♪
[mouse clicks]
-No.
-♪ Taking pictures in this-- ♪
[mouse clicks]
[sighs]
[line ringing]
-["Mary's Prayer" by Danny Wilson playing]
-[line clicks]
[receptionist] Mac Darling Productions.
Please hold.
Any luck. Rick?
Not yet. Andy.
Do you know
what you should do?
Have a Guinness.
-This is M.D.P.
-Great idea.
Our offices are currently closed.
but please leave a message.
Hi. this is Rick Power
calling for Mac Darling.
Again. Call me back. please.
["Life in the Fast Lane"
by Eagles playing]
Cheers.
This another one of your hits.
Rick?
[chuckles]
["Life in the Fast Lane"
continues]
[bell ringing]
♪ He was a hardheaded man
He was brutally handsome ♪
♪ And she was
Terminally pretty ♪
-[Mac] Yo. yo. yo!
-Yo!
-What up?
-[Mac] What's up. my dog?
-You're looking at it.
-Uh-huh.
-Hey. uh. can I get a sec?
-Yeah.
Hey. guys.
Can you take me down. please?
-Let's bring Danny down. please.
-Danny is coming down. guys.
Um. do you know
this guy called Rick Power?
Oh. yeah. the wedding singer
guy from George's wedding.
Yeah. the guy you ended up
on YouTube with.
Thank you.
So he says. um... [chuckles]
...that he co-wrote the song.
[chuckles]
-What?
-Yeah.
-What is this. sausage rolls?
-Ooh.
-[clears throat]
-Is this vegan?
-Mmm. Pretty good.
-Huh. it's not bad.
Yeah. he says you guys were
jamming after the wedding
and. uh. that's where
the song was written.
I mean. we had a few beers.
We-- we jammed a bit. but...
Mmm.
But you didn't play
any version of "How to
Write a Song (Without You)"
while you were jamming?
I mean. I can't really
remember. you know?
-Okay. You're not certain?
-We were pretty banged up.
-[chuckles]
-Mmm.
Was anyone else there?
Mmm. No. Just the two of us.
And there's no recording.
no video. nothing like that?
Definitely not.
We called ASCAP.
BMI. SoundExchange.
There's no record
of any previous song.
Guy's just a fantasist.
Mmm. That's a bummer.
He was a nice guy. you know?
-Gave him my guitar.
-Mmm.
Well. you know.
nice guy. whatever.
I still gotta muzzle him.
so. um. best thing.
just don't text him. no calls.
no messages. nothing.
-Just let me do my thing.
-Yeah. All right.
Okay. buddy.
I'll see you out there.
We''re ready. Mr. Wilson.
[crew member speaking
indistinctly] Let's reset...
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
-[Mac] Rick Power.
-Yeah?
Mac Darling.
Mac Darling Productions.
-Finally. thank you!
-Yeah.
You've been
quite keen to get in touch.
[Rick] Right. Yes.
Thanks for calling.
How are ya. Rick?
What can I do you for?
Uh. well.
I wanted to talk to Danny.
What's it concerning?
Uh. the song.
"How to Write a Song (Without You)."
Yeah. Great tune. Big hit.
That's right.
Well. I wrote that big hit.
Okay. Yeah.
That's what they said
you were gonna say.
I wrote it. Ask Danny.
-I did.
-And what did he say?
"Who is Rick Power?"
He said that?
I've got a lawyer's letter
on its way to you right now.
We have established
that there is no public record
of anything in your songbook
even slightly resembling
"How to Write a Song
(Without You)."
But if you continue
to harass my client
or choose to make
your bogus claims in public.
we will come down on you
like a ton of fucking bricks.
Legally speaking.
Now if you don't mind. I have to
make another four of these calls.
Don't call my office again.
[line clicks]
[Danny singing]
♪ We're both in for a ride ♪
♪ So hold on to me tight ♪
♪ It's out of
Our control now ♪
♪ And even when it's rough ♪
♪ And all the wheels come off
I never wanna slow down... ♪
...back to the show.
Yeah. I know. Ow!
-Good to be back.
-Yeah.
-Ten... Ten years...
-...of the show.
-It's ten years that... Yeah.
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
-♪ Without you ♪
-[fan] "How to Write a Song."
[fan 2]
"How to Write a Song" is the--
[fan 3]
It's a beautiful ballad.
♪ When every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
♪ This could be ♪
♪ The song that saves me ♪
♪ Or this could be ♪
♪ My albatross ♪
♪ But if this is
All I've got... ♪
[fan 4]
Will Danny win a Grammy?
[fan 5]
♪ How do I
You never did tell me ♪
You never did help me ♪
♪ How do I
You never did show me how ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[band members singing]
♪ Sending out an SOS ♪
♪ Sending in
The summer of '69! ♪
-[guests cheering]
-Hey! All right!
Whoo!
-Let's hear it for Aisling and Laura!
-Whoo!
It's wonderful to be here
to celebrate the wedding
of two incredible people.
And. you know.
a successful marriage
is acknowledging the other
person in a partnership
for the hard work they do
and. uh...
giving them credit
for keeping this thing afloat.
And let's keep
this party afloat.
Let's have
a joyous celebration
until the sun burns us
off this planet.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
That's a joke. But not really.
'cause that is happening.
What should we sing?
What do you guys want to do?
-Shut up. Just sing.
-Hey. Hi. Sorry.
-Uh. can I just make a request?
-Hmm?
Could you play "How to
Write a Song (Without You)"?
-It's just... It's her favorite song.
-We don't do that song.
-[scoffs] Come on. Everyone knows it.
-No. no.
You know. "How to..."
-"How to Write a Song (Without You)"?
-Yeah.
It's not on our list.
We don't play that song.
-It's not on our list.
-Seriously? Just for the slow dance?
We sent you the list.
You approved the list.
You looked at the list.
and then you said. "Yeah.
We'd love for you guys to play
our wedding with those songs."
If you want to pick a song from that
list. and we'll be more than happy to--
Okay. thank you all so much.
Cheers. lads.
-Kyle. Kyle. let's go.
-What should we do?
-You want to do one of the other songs?
-No. we're singing the song.
"Summer of '69"?
-[Binzer] Just fucking sing.
-We're playing it?
-Shut that shit down. Binzer.
-Sing the song. Rick.
-Do your job.
-Play it.
-Hey.
-Cut it out.
Bernie.
-Sing the... Fuck you and...
-Shut up. Stop--
Sing it!
Sing the fucking song!
-[Aisling exclaims]
-[Binzer. Rick grunting]
Oh. my God! Don't film this!
That's my song! [shouts]
[Binzer] Calm the fuck down!
[guests gasp]
[guest] Oh. my God!
Well done. Rick.
Look at that poor. young woman.
Are you happy now? That is it.
You stupid prick.
You are fired!
I quit your shitty band!
[guests gasping]
Yeah. I quit too.
Sandy. for once in your miserable
life. would you quit following me?
Please.
just leave me the fuck alone!
[gasping]
Yeah.
thanks a mill. you prick!
["Up De Flats"
by Gemma Dunleavy playing]
Mmm.
Mmm. Grab one more.
Wanna take it easy there?
It's nonalcoholic.
Relax.
♪ Shouting up the flats
From the roof tops ♪
♪ I engraved me name on... ♪
[DJ] And I better play this because
everybody's been asking me today.
The former boy band star back with
his much-anticipated new single.
This is Danny Wilson.
-[Rachel] For fuck's sake.
-♪ I couldn't Get the sound out ♪
♪ I never want to ♪
♪ Find out ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
-[giggles] Come on. Rick. Join in.
-♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
Don't turn it up!
Turn it off.
[Aja] Dad. watch out!
You're gonna hit...
-[Rick gasps]
-[Aja screams]
[Rick] I got it! I got it!
-[Aja screaming]
-[Rick] It's okay! It's okay! It's okay!
[song ends]
[nurse] The Power family?
-You're good to go.
-[Rachel] Thanks.
[automated voice]
Doors closing.
[door closes]
Do you want tea?
Oh. yeah. Thanks.
-You need to leave for a while.
-All right. Rach.
[stammering]
-Rachel.
-I don't want to hear it.
-Drink driving your family home.
-No. I wasn't drunk.
-Just get the fuck out...
-I wasn't drunk. They tested me.
I was trying to turn
the song off the radio.
Oh. my God! If I hear one more
word about that fucking song!
We've got the bills
going through the roof.
-[Rick] Uh-huh. Yeah.
-School fees. and you!
You got fired from your band for
scrapping at a fucking wedding!
Do you know what?
Paid for that whole fucking school
if I'd gotten the money I
deserved from writing that song!
Stop! Stop. stop. stop!
Stop dreaming. Rick!
I'm not dreaming!
Did you say. "Stop dreaming"?
-Yes. I did.
-No. I'm not dreaming.
I killed my dreams.
and I stayed here for you and for her.
What did I even
give them up for?
[Rachel] If you had
gone back to America.
you'd be playing
Madison Square Garden by now?
Yeah. Madison Square.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who knows?
Yeah. it might be that simple.
Because all you need is one great idea.
And I had it. I had it.
I wrote a number one song.
and I'm living in a shoebox with
two women who don't believe me.
♪ But I wrote a song ♪
♪ I wrote a song ♪
♪ I wrote that song ♪
-I wrote a song.
-Well. fucking prove it. Rick.
[Rick] Yeah. fuck this.
[keys jingling]
[footsteps receding]
[door slams]
[keypad clicking]
-[gulls squawking]
-[car horns honking]
[busker singing
"Falling Slowly"]
♪ Words fall through me ♪
♪ Always fool me ♪
[heckler] Go on. Ed Sheeran.
♪ And I can't react ♪
[heckler]
We're mad keen about ya.
[heckler 2] Fuckin' hell.
♪ And games
That never amount ♪
♪ To more than they're worth ♪
♪ Will play-- ♪
-Oy!
-[hecklers giggling]
[coins clinking]
[laughing]
Hey! What. you're not gonna...
What are you gonna do?
[tuning guitar]
[doorbell rings]
[Sandy] The fuck is... [sighs]
[door creaking]
[Sandy] Oh. for fuck's sake.
-Hey.
-Yes?
-I had nowhere else to go.
-Wow.
So you call round here because you
think. "He's Sandy.
Yeah. he'll look after me.
let me sleep on his couch.
smoke his weed." yeah?
No. that's-that's... that's not
why I'm here. brother.
No. no. no.
Don't "brother" me.
You just expect Sandy
to always be there for you.
Living with his ma.
plucking on his guitar.
no hopes and dreams of his own.
no interior life that Sandy may have.
Just a sidekick
in your fucking show.
You're right.
You're right. [mutters]
-Sorry.
-Yeah.
Fuck off with yourself.
-[phone chimes]
-Fucking hell. who's this?
[sighs] That's Aja texting me.
What? What'd she say?
She says.
"Tell me da I believe him."
[sighs]
[breathes shakily]
[voice trembling] Oh. Jaysus.
[sniffles] No.
[crying]
Ah. here he is.
Come here. Bring it in.
Here's your Sandy.
Come on. let's fast-track
this shit. Come on.
Yeah? It's all right.
-I'm here. Yeah?
-[Rick crying]
I'm sorry I yelled at you.
and I'm sorry...
I said your life was miserable.
You got a great life.
[Rick sniffles]
[Sandy] Jeez. I'm glad nobody's
around to see this monkey business.
[chuckles] Me too.
[both sniffle]
-You ready?
-Yep.
-Good. Time for a little payback.
-Big time.
-That's right. For my song.
-Your song. baby.
My fucking song.
Who the fuck
do they think we are?
Two muppets who'd
take this shit lying down?
-Not anymore.
-That is not what my forefathers died for.
-Let's do this.
-That's right. Get your passport.
Okay.
Wait. why?
Because if he won't engage with
us. we'll engage with him.
Let him hide under a rock.
We'll flip over every rock
in LA till we find him.
In California like?
Mmm.
-Well. that's where LA is.
-But that's fucking miles away.
Yeah. I know. You were just
talking about our forefathers.
-What do you mean?
-What about me ma. though?
-She can't come.
-I can't just leave her here.
Sandy. you're really
killing the momentum here.
Yeah. Wait there.
Mam? I need to borrow your car.
I'm off to Los Angeles.
[car engine starts]
["Accounting"
by Mik Pyro playing]
So the kid's playing three
shows in LA starting tonight.
What are you gonna say
to him if you find him?
I won't know
until I look him in the eyes.
And if words don't work.
when will the violence be starting?
-What violence?
-What?
What violence?
I don't know.
["Accounting" continues]
-Ay. yeah.
-[baby crying]
-[laughing]
-[baby continues crying]
Ay. yeah.
Ay. he's a stupid prick.
[crowd cheering]
[Danny] Thank you!
Los Angeles. you have been
absolutely incredible tonight.
[crowd cheering]
All right. it's time for story time.
Story time.
About a year ago.
I was in Ireland at a hotel.
I met this guy.
and he played me this next song.
[keyboard playing]
[Danny] He's a great songwriter.
who's an even better guy
and he helped me. uh.
turn this song into a smash.
[cheering intensifies]
And he's here tonight.
all the way from the Emerald Isle.
Give it up for Rick Power!
[crowd cheering. applauding]
[Danny] Love you. man.
[Danny. Rick
speaking indistinctly]
Rick Power!
[crowd cheering]
[Danny]
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
[fan whistling]
♪ When every song I ever wrote
In my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
[Danny] Rick Power!
[crowd cheering]
-[song continues playing]
-[no audible dialogue]
[crowd booing]
[electric guitar playing]
[crowd chanting]
Rubbish! Rubbish! Rubbish!
-Rubbish! Rubbish! Rubbish!
-[voice. distant] Rubbish?
[flight attendant]
You have rubbish?
-[baby crying]
-Your trash. please?
[baby continues crying]
[Danny] Should we just
cut that guy a check?
What guy?
Uh. the wedding guy.
I mean.
he's a decent writer.
And he was in the room.
It just might be
a cool thing to do.
You told me to kill it.
so that's what we did.
Where there''s a hit.
there's a writ. Danny.
-[scoffs. chuckles]
-I can't tell you
how many times I've had to
deal with these jokers
with their fucking hands
in my clients' pockets.
It makes me sick.
Yeah. No. I hear you.
And also. I mean. you don't want
that story coming out. you know?
"Huge pop star steals
wedding singer's song."
It's not a good look.
[chuckles]
-But I didn't steal the song.
-No.
I know you didn't steal the song.
Of course you didn't steal the song.
-You made the song what it is.
-Yes.
You made it great. you know?
Where do artists
get their ideas?
Who knows? It's just alchemy.
Throwing shit at the wall
to see what sticks.
-Yeah.
-That's your genius.
[chuckles] Yeah.
[Sandy] LA. baby.
Home of the Sunset Strip.
-Whisky a Go Go.
-The Roxy.
-Laurel Canyon.
-Chateau Marmont.
[upbeat music playing]
Other things pertaining to LA.
How are you doing. darling?
That's right!
[Danny singing]
[crowd cheering]
[Danny]
♪ We're both in for a ride ♪
♪ So hold on to me tight ♪
♪ It's out of
Our control now ♪
♪ And even when it's rough ♪
♪ When all the wheels
Come off ♪
♪ I never want to slow down ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't think
I'd know how ♪
[Danny. crowd]
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ When every song I ever wrote
In my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
-[fans] Please!
-No. it's not gonna happen.
-I got a... Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-You on the guest list?
-All right.
-Yeah? That was...
[Rick] Oh. boy.
[fans chattering]
Hi. Uh. Rick Power.
I'm a friend of Danny's.
From Ireland.
Let me just have a look.
-I'm not seeing anything here.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-[Rick] He always does this.
Let me call him.
Although he does turn his phone off
after a show a lot of the times.
-[line ringing]
-Dude! You idiot.
You forgot
to give my name again.
[chuckles] I know. It's okay.
Don't worry about it. You're forgiven.
Okay. You sure?
You want me to just head back there?
All right. He says
I should just go back there.
Okay. Can I speak with him?
Thank you. Please.
Hello. Mr. Wilson?
[Sandy] Hello. security.
Danny Wilson. what's up?
Yeah. hi. I have
a Rick Powder here for you.
-Power.
-Yeah. the Power Point.
He's a good buddy of mine
from Dublin. Ireland.
He's got a guitar
he's bringing up to me.
You just send him right up.
He's always smacking my balls about
not putting him on the list. guy.
And... Oh. wait.
And his other buddy who's coming along.
[stammering] Cool guy.
in a couple of seconds.
Okay. um. will I just take
them to the Green Room?
Hello. listen.
Yeah. you should take them
to the Green Room
because otherwise.
I will have you...
I will fire you.
[chuckles]
That was just awesome.
Yeah?
-Thank you for that.
-Yeah. [chuckles] Sure it was.
Hey. solid work. bro.
[Rick] Fuckin' Sandy.
-Hey.
Are we in?
Uh. surprisingly. no.
-What?
-No.
For some reason.
they didn't buy it.
Rick?
-Wait. Barbara?
-[Barbara] Yeah.
-From Ashdrum Castle.
-No way! Oh. my...
[Barbara laughs]
Hey!
George. how are you doing?
-Oh. my God.
-What are you guys doing here?
-Uh...
-We were just in town.
and Danny told us to come
to the party after the show.
Yeah. except. uh.
he didn't tell us where it is.
Oh. Well. it's...
[whispers] ...it's not actually here.
It's at his house.
[whispers] Oh. no. no. no.
I know. No. no.
He told me about that.
I don't know the address.
-Oh. Well. you'll just come with us.
-Yeah.
-[Sandy] Really?
-We'll all go together.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-We go with them?
-Come with us.
-Yeah!
-[Rick] You sure?
-[Barbara] Absolutely.
-[George] Danny'll be super excited.
-Great!
-He hasn't been able to shut up...
-Yeah.
...about how much he enjoyed
playing with you guys.
-Uh. I'll text him.
-No. you know what? Let's surprise him.
-You know what?
-Yes. That is--
-Danny loves surprises. Yeah.
-[Rick chuckling] Yeah.
[Barbara]
How's the band going?
[gentle music playing]
[Barbara whoops] Let's go.
-Let's get this party started. [laughs]
-[George] We're ready.
[Barbara] Oh. thanks. darling.
["Make a Change" playing]
[partygoers chattering.
laughing]
-♪ The only way I know for sure ♪
-Hey!
♪ To change the way
We live together ♪
♪ We gonna
Get it back to love ♪
♪ Yeah. we got to live it ♪
♪ The only thing
I know for sure... ♪
Look.
I need to get him on his own
so let's split up and meet back
here in 15 minutes or so. okay?
-Let's move out.
-All right.
Hey. Sandy.
Keep your shit together.
♪ And once again We get a
chance To make a difference ♪
♪ Don't let it ♪
♪ Go to waste ♪
♪ I know it takes believing ♪
♪ But we still have the chance
To learn from our mistakes ♪
Excuse me.
♪ We don't have to
Stay the same ♪
♪ Let's change the rules
Of the game ♪
["Bullet" by HYYTS playing]
Hey. stranger. Want a shot?
-[Sandy] What do you got?
-It's tequila.
I'd love to. but I'm actually
here on business. so.
Is that accent from Ireland?
-Not just the accent. the whole body.
-[chuckles]
Do a shot with me.
-[sighs] You're. like. really authentic.
-No.
First time I've heard of an
Irish guy turning down a drink.
Are you sure
you're the real thing?
[pop rock music playing]
[laughing]
I know.
Who was that?
[partygoer 1 giggling]
It's right up here.
[chattering]
[partygoer 2]
This way. This way.
[glasses clinking]
[partygoers chattering]
Jesus Christ. look at that
Cherry Burst Gibson Les Paul.
What I wouldn't give
for a ride on that pony.
[whispers]
What about this pony?
[playing riff]
[cheering]
[rock music playing. muffled]
-[partygoers giggling]
-[Danny chuckles]
[Danny] Mmm.
-[giggling continues]
-[Danny speaking indistinctly]
You know.
I have spent half my life
wondering what those lights
would look like
from this view.
And. uh. now that I see them
they look almost less real.
-Rick.
-Hey.
-Uh. wh-what...
-I was in town. Thought I'd drop by.
[chuckles]
Hi.
Ladies. would you mind giving
me and Rick a minute to chat?
I'll just meet you
back downstairs. okay?
Just be a minute.
It's good
to see you. man.
I thought we might jam
with my. uh. cool guitar.
Yeah. Okay.
Look. I'm sorry we haven't had
a minute to catch up.
Oh. come on. What are you...
With your schedule? Are you crazy?
Come on. This is
your moment. Danny.
You gotta seize it. you know?
Grab it. You gotta grab it
with both hands.
-Both hands.
-Right?
You gotta grab everything
that's in front of you.
and don't let go.
[smacks lips]
And how are you doing?
Well. I lost my band.
you know.
And. um.
I'm losing my family.
Yeah. [sighs]
I can feel it.
I'm losing
my grip on reality.
-Mm-hmm.
-I don't even make music anymore.
And all for what?
For a stupid fucking song.
-Yeah. By the way. hey. Sorry.
-[clears throat]
So rude. Forget what...
How about you? How are you doing?
Hey. the new EP.
That dropped hard.
Wow. You're finally
finding your voice. man.
-Getting there.
-Yeah.
-I mean...
"How to Write a Song
(Without You)"...
It's. what. 500 million views
last time I checked.
Feeling good about
yourself. I'll bet.
What do you want. Rick?
[guitar playing riff]
Who the fuck is this guy?
Some crazy Irish guy.
Turned up with his buddy a while ago.
[Mac] How'd they get in?
[security guard] They were
with George and Barbara.
Where's his buddy?
Whoo!
Irish?
Who's got eyes on Danny?
Dude!
Danny?
[security guard] We need you.
What do I want?
I want you to
look me in the eye
and I want you to tell me.
say it out loud to my face.
That's what I want. That's all I need.
I need to know I'm not crazy.
Tell you what?
[stammers]
That you-you stole the song that
we worked on. That was my...
That was my song.
So this is a... [chuckles]
-It's a fucking shakedown?
-No.
I don't want anything from you
except the truth.
-Mm-hmm.
-I need the truth. I need the truth.
So tell me. Tell me.
-Say it to me. Tell me.
-Okay.
-You're fucking crazy. dude.
-Say it to my face.
-You're fucking crazy.
-Say it...
Say it to my face! Hey!
Say it to my face!
Why didn't you call me?
[Mac] Danny?
I would've taken anything.
A third!
I would've taken
just a piece.
Having my name on that song
would've changed my life.
Okay. keep your voice down.
[shouting] It would've
changed my life!
It would've changed my life!
[Danny exclaims. grunts]
Danny! Danny!
-[Rick gasps]
-[Mac] Danny!
-[Rick] No!
-[Mac] Danny?
[grunting]
[Mac] Danny. where are you?
[leaves rustle]
[grunting]
Danny?
[groans]
[Rick] Danny?
Danny?
-You fucker!
-[grunts]
Come here.
-Fuck me. huh? Huh? Huh?
-Hey!
[screaming] Damn it!
Jesus!
You come into my house.
into my fucking bedroom.
throw me off a fucking roof.
and you pull this bullshit excuse!
Huh?
Do you think it is easy to
turn a song into a fucking hit?
Huh? Oh. yeah! No. you...
So you admit it? Huh? You admit it!
You sit there with your little
guitar plunking out your little tune.
-some bullshit song--
-That's right!
-You have no idea!
-That's right! It's mine!
It's mine!
Go ahead! You admit it!
You have never once in your life
written a song. and had it chart.
and then all of a sudden.
you're fucking Elton John.
you motherfucker!
-You don't understand how hard this is!
-Yes. I do! Of course I do!
Danny. you killed it.
You crushed it on that song.
-But why wasn't it enough?
-Shut the fuck up.
Listen to me. You're just
a crazy fucking lunatic
who got to spend
one night playing guitar
with a guy who could
actually fucking do it.
-Who could actually turn a song...
-Oh. my...
...into a fucking
worldwide fucking smash!
[panting]
You know what kept me sane
when I thought I was...
Oh. this is sane?
...losing my mind?
It was knowing that you
couldn't write that song.
-I knew it.
-Why couldn't I?
Why can't I?
Because you think
it's a love song.
Yeah. Well. it is
a fucking love song.
No. I wrote that song for my
daughter when she was two.
She was a baby.
I was scared to death
when she was born.
All I wanted to do was get on the
road. follow my band. get out of there.
But I knew.
I knew in my heart.
I knew that I would never write
another song if I hadn't stayed.
And I stayed.
Thank God I stayed.
It was the greatest decision
I ever made in my life.
[chuckles] Well.
you can't take that from me.
-Rick. I--
-And I really liked you. Danny.
That's the...
There was no bullshit.
You know. man. I thought...
You seemed real.
I am real.
No. You were
just out of context.
I am fucking real.
Are you?
Okay. maybe...
I just wanted it so bad.
you know?
-It's... Somewhere I...
-Yeah. Yeah.
-I just lost the...
-No. no. I know. I know. I know.
-Hey! Danny. what's up. buddy?
-I know. I know.
You just lost what. though? Tell me.
Finish what you were saying.
-Is everything okay?
-I'm fine. I can't.
[Rick] Finish what
you were saying. though.
[Mac] That's him.
Fuck him up.
-Wait. what were you gonna say?
-No! Hey!
-Hey! Hey!
-Danny!
-Fuck.
-You don't owe this guy anything.
-[Rick] I don't want anything!
-Wait!
-I don't want anything!
-Hey. amigo.
[Rick] I don''t want anything!
I don't want anything!
[grunting. groaning]
[Danny] Go. Rick! Go!
["Outside"
by George Michael playing]
You okay?
-Did you see?
-They went this way.
♪ I think I'm done
With the sofa ♪
With the hall ♪
[both yelp]
♪ I think I'm done
With the kitchen table. baby ♪
-♪ Let's go outside ♪
♪ In the sunshine ♪
♪ I know you want to
But you can't say yes ♪
-♪ Let's go outside ♪
-[both panting]
-[coughs]
[chuckling]
You'd think with all that money.
they'd hire a better security team.
Yeah. No kidding.
I battered
the three of them.
[chuckles] Thanks for
saving my ass back there.
-Semper fi. Rick.
-[chuckles]
Never leave a good man behind.
Okay. just a minute.
I'm bursting for a piss.
[shouting]
That was fucking wild!
-Flow. baby.
-[urine splashing]
Flow like the river.
A river of piss.
Whoo!
-So? How did it go?
-[belt buckle jingling]
-It went.
-Did he confess?
Did you get something?
I got what I needed.
[both chuckle]
["The Best Things in Life Are
Free" by The Ink Spots playing]
-Let's go home. Sandman.
-[chuckles]
[Sandy] So how many millions?
What. three? Four?
Or are we just talking
hundreds of thousands?
Give me a figure. A number.
[Rick] I don't know exactly
what the figure would be.
♪ The stars
Belong to everyone ♪
♪ They gleam there
For you and me ♪
♪ The flowers in spring ♪
♪ The robins that sing ♪
♪ The sunbeams that shine ♪
♪ They're yours
They're mine ♪
♪ And love can come
To everyone... ♪
What happened?
Where have you been?
You know Los Angeles?
What?
I had to go.
I had to see him.
Rachel.
I had to see him
face-to-face.
And? Did you get anything?
I got nothing.
[chuckles] I got...
Fucking little shit.
[chuckles] Yeah.
Wait a minute. Hold on.
So you...
you believe me?
We got robbed.
What are you gonna do?
It's just a lifetime of pain.
and in the end.
you don't even win a cent.
I won a long time ago.
That song wouldn't even exist
without you.
Hey. Dad.
[Rick] Hey. Aja.
Did you get me anything
in LA?
I did. I got you a beautiful key
chain that says "Hollywood" on it.
I got it at the airport.
but I left it in Sandy's car.
-Sandy?
-Yeah. Sandy went with me.
-Yes. of course he did. Yeah.
-Yeah.
Maybe don't check the bank
account for a little while.
Which reminds me. I've gotta
get my job back. so...
get out of my way.
Thanks. Aja.
♪ The sunbeams that shine ♪
♪ They're yours
They're mine ♪
♪ And love can come
To everyone ♪
[no audible dialogue]
♪ The best things in life
Are free ♪
[music fades]
[Danny] ♪ ...spectacular ♪
[crowd cheering. applauding]
[sighs]
-Crushed it. What a gig.
-We did it.
-How many we have in the building tonight?
-15K plus.
[band playing "Maneater"]
[band member] Jaysus. Really?
Didn't we play this shithole.
like. ten years ago?
Well. you gotta start again
somewhere.
[Rick] ♪ Watch out. boy
She'll chew you up ♪
♪ Oh-oh here she comes ♪
♪ She's a maneater ♪
♪ Oh-oh here she comes
She's a maneater ♪
♪ Ooh. she'll chew you up ♪
♪ Oh-oh here she comes ♪
♪ Here she comes
She's a maneater ♪
[Rick] All right! Thank you!
Thanks so much!
What a crowd.
Seriously.
I think you're the best
we've had all year. I think.
-Wouldn't you say?
-Yeah!
-[drumroll]
-[crowd cheering]
That's right!
-Well done. Well done. you!
-[guest] Yeah!
All right. Well. this
next song is a request...
-[crowd woos]
-...from Siobhan.
[chuckles]
She said this was playing the night
that. uh. she and Declan met.
[crowd] Aw.
By the looks of things.
that went very well.
-[crowd cheering]
-Coming through. coming through. guys.
And that's the encore.
everybody.
Have a good show. man.
Good show. Good show.
Good show. everybody.
[cheering continues]
All right. Encore. You ready?
Let's do this. man.
It's the Garden.
[Rick] I guess. uh.
that's what a good song can do. right?
It has the ability to mean many different
things to many different people.
Well. I know what this song
means to me.
So. uh. congratulations. guys.
♪ If I was losing you ♪
♪ If we were losing us ♪
♪ The silence
Would be so loud ♪
♪ There'd be no words
To write ♪
♪ And even if I tried ♪
♪ I couldn't
Get the sound out ♪
♪ I never want to find out ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ When every song
I ever wrote in my life... ♪
-[crowd cheering]
-Hold up. guys.
-Thank you.
-[cheering subsides]
[fan 1] We love you. Danny!
So this song...
[fan 2] We got you. Danny!
You're great. You got it. Danny!
This song changed my life.
[crowd cheering]
♪ If I was losing you ♪
♪ If we were losing us ♪
♪ The silence
Would be so loud ♪
♪ There'd be no words to cry ♪
♪ And even if I tried ♪
♪ I couldn't
Get the sound out... ♪
[Rick's voice]
♪ I never want to find out ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
[Rick] And you know what?
It's not about the song.
Or who wrote the song.
It's about the people
listening to the song.
Whether that's 20.000 people
or just two people.
♪ We're both in for a ride ♪
♪ So hold on to me tight ♪
♪ It's out of
Our control now ♪
♪ And even when it's rough ♪
♪ When all the wheels
Come off ♪
♪ I never want to slow down ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't think
I know how ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ When every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
♪ This could be ♪
♪ The song that saves me ♪
♪ Or this could be ♪
♪ My albatross ♪
♪ But this is all I've got ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ How do I
You never did tell me ♪
You never did help me ♪
Smile for the camera there.
Rachel.
-♪ How do I. you never did Show me how ♪
-Yeah. say hello.
You gonna sing a song for me.
birthday girl?
-I'm not!
-You're not?
♪ How do I
You never did tell me ♪
You never did help me... ♪
Cheer up. Rachel.
♪ How do I
You never did show me how ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
♪ Without you ♪
-♪ Without you ♪
-That sounds good. Rick! Yeah!
-♪ How to write a song ♪
-What is it?
♪ Without you ♪
♪ How to write a song ♪
-♪ Without you ♪
-Mum!
♪ When every song
I ever wrote in my life ♪
♪ Is about you ♪
♪ Don't go
Thinking that I'm... ♪
Hey. man.
Whoa! Thank you. man!
[Rick] ♪ In the daytime Yellow
buses With their lights on ♪
♪ Keep sighing at the rain ♪
♪ And the music's drunk
And spills out of the bars ♪
♪ Onto the streets
A million songs I know ♪
♪ But every song's about a boy
Who had to save himself ♪
♪ Save himself and go ♪
♪ It's a long way
From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a lone. long way ♪
♪ Took a drive down the 405 ♪
♪ Turned right on National ♪
♪ Bought some green From a beach
punk on stilts With a weird guitar ♪
♪ White waves were coming in ♪
♪ And the dolphins were Dancing
on the sunset Like we used to do ♪
♪ And all the girls
Looked like movie stars ♪
♪ But none of them were you ♪
♪ It's true ♪
♪ It's a long way to fall ♪
♪ From the streets
To the stars ♪
♪ From the long nights
To lost boulevards ♪
♪ From the girl
With the smile ♪
♪ That can dance
With your heart ♪
♪ To the eyes
That seem so far away ♪
♪ It's a long way
From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a lone. long way ♪
♪ Too many miles ♪
♪ Cross an ocean ♪
♪ To get to you ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a long way from you
A long way from me ♪
♪ A long. lonely way ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a long way from you
A long way from me ♪
♪ A long. lonely way
That's right ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a long way from you
A long way from me ♪
♪ A long. lonely way ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a long way from you
A long way from me ♪
♪ A long. lonely way ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a long way from you
A long way from me ♪
♪ A long. lonely way
From Dublin to LA ♪
♪ It's a long way from you
A long way from me ♪
♪ A long. lonely way ♪
♪ From Dublin to LA ♪
["Accounting"
by Mik Pyro playing]
♪ The way you sleep
Is so explosive ♪
♪ The way you laugh
Is so corrosive ♪
♪ You control me with magic
Science. language ♪
♪ I don't really know much ♪
♪ You could maybe
Clean the floor once ♪
♪ Wash the windows
Decorate the door ♪
♪ You got a lotta trinkets
Got a lot of idiots ♪
♪ What are they for? ♪
♪ You got a lotta more
Or less ♪
♪ You won't give me the floor
To address ♪
♪ The mob with your requests
For clemency ♪
♪ Your enemies
Are well-respected veterans ♪
♪ Experts in medieval modes
Of penitence ♪
♪ I never wanted to rehearse ♪
♪ I never wanted to be next ♪
♪ I don't have a lotta drive ♪
♪ Put on the breaks
Wanna get out and stretch ♪
♪ I might drink a little beer ♪
♪ I might smoke a little sess ♪
♪ You're eager to weep
For the broken amongst us ♪
♪ You see it as a jest ♪
♪ I''ve done a lot of coke
But ♪
♪ I don't do a lot of coping ♪
♪ I'm done with agitation ♪
♪ Dreaming about nations
Done with all the hoping ♪
♪ I don't do a lot of voting
More about the blow pigs ♪
♪ Tramadol princesses ♪
♪ Can I get a toke
Of some Pseudo Cali smoke ♪
♪ Faux potentate in dope? ♪
♪ Inestimable ♪
♪ You're gonna make a killing
Out of love ♪
♪ And all you gonna do
Is add a bunch of zeros ♪
♪ And use the courts
To get it done ♪
♪ You don't even know
What you've done ♪
♪ Accounting ♪
♪ Strokes of luck stroking
The ego-focused fuckery ♪
♪ Coming from your coterie
Of woke fucks ♪
♪ Promotions at work
Desecrations in the home ♪
♪ Very little upkeep ♪
♪ Open your livery
Of fuckbeasts ♪
♪ Deliver these teases
To their nuptials ♪
♪ Relieve them
Of their foreskins ♪
♪ Then go at them
With the forceps ♪
♪ It''s important
To be discreet ♪
♪ Silent discordance ♪
♪ We need more divorces ♪
♪ We need more abhorrence ♪
♪ We've been overcautious ♪
♪ I'm busy being nauseous ♪
♪ You're busy being gorgeous
Gorgeous. gorgeous ♪
♪ Inestimable ♪
♪ You're gonna make a killing
Out of love ♪
♪ And all you gonna do
Is add a bunch of zeros ♪
♪ And use the courts
To get it done ♪
♪ You don't even know
What you've become ♪
♪ Accounting... ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org